Latest iteration of flatland
---------------------------
Flatland ARG!!! is an Augmented Reality Real Time Strategy (ARRTS) game based on Edward Abbot's 1884 Sci-Fi novel Flatland. 
The gameplay is similar to aspects of flashlight tag, capture the flag, Starcraft and Stratego. The game is played on a standard sized 
soccer or football field. Each of the two teams has 3-6 players dressed in team costumes. The game has a fixed time limit and the winning team 
is the one with the most total polygon sides at the end of play. Each player uses a cast scepter equipped with a Nokia Tablet and custom electronics. 
Actions in the real world are represented in the virtual space. Teams can focus on gaining sides and on diminishing the opposing team's sides using a 
range of game actions including revealing invisible structures and players, building structures, gathering and transporting resources, destroying structures, 
and attacking players. Some advanced actions require synchronized group "rituals" involving player positions and gesture patterns using the game scepter.


Read more about the game here:
http://games.ucla.edu/games/flatland/

In this latest rewrite, the game logic has been completely decoupled from the networking stack.

Networking is achieved through http requests (subject to performance evaluation) to achieve greater portability between platforms
It has been tested under Windows, Linux and Mac and it written entirely in python






Todo : 

1. TODO : (erase gameover letters) Clients need to properly restart after a reset has been raised
2. Add documentation
3. DONE! Clients could be smoother (maybe something in the update?)
4. DONE!  Benchmark networking, see how that goes, especially for phones (something is wrong on Macs)
5. NO NEED-> test with positions been updated by the server
6. investigate whether it is possible to initialize phone clients with an ssh command
7. DONE! fix annoying mining effect
8. DONE, BUT SCANNING IS NOT PERFECT YET! in scanning, there needs to be more synchronization between client/server.although this could be an issue from 3
8. REMOVE BUILDINGS COMPLETELY AFTER DESCTRUCTION



	